the quartz astros the best of
generators a kind of electricity
surely the idea of ​​a crazy one looks like
it does not work very well
here we are
the first lady he goes to the
wharf and it will take us to paris do not
do not move away yes but
no
my life
this yield reached July 8
is happening there is a problem have
nothing insurmountable
a bee I hate saab and
beat there then not stung elisabeth
I have a much better idea either
that I should not be more varied what is it
this is a straw I open is very
often when I was in my turn it's
what a fault
it's like as a window it myself
window to another world
most are deadly trouble
towel another tea color at
coffee place but sometimes sometimes I
see real wonders and I have them
get out and that's amazing
I guess that says hide not a
dirigible I do not believe no but I
see
I see something
I do not understand very well what I
just seen there but I'm ready to
bet it's something that will make us
kill but I could I am tall
to face what lies ahead believe me
is what you want at break
s
we will give a lesson to give rise
would be useless because I like
it's going to be too
coc
no
at
need it
c
some 1.9
at
Oh
no
Ortiva
now that I think about it I tell myself that
you are fault could well serve us
in case of problems